cheese kitchen today I'm going to show
you how to make fried chicken and Indian
style for this you will need two chicken
legs or any part of the chicken you wish
I have taken chicken legs and with skin
is very necessary and I've made slit
take 1/2 a cup of curd
half a cup of milk
and whisk it well
now add chilli powder and salt
and whisk everything
so this is the marinade that the chicken
is going to get soaked for at least five
to six hours we're soaking in a liquid
mixture for the chicken to be really
soft and juicy so just make sure that
you immerse the chicken really well
inside and marinate it in the fridge and
not in the freezer
now after five six hours of marination
these are the three products that you'll
have the marinated chicken the masala
which contains one spoon of chili powder
1 spoon of coriander powder half a spoon
of garam masala half a spoon of turmeric
powder half a spoon of pepper powder and
mix everything well with water and in
this plate I have all-purpose flour with
garlic powder just mix everything
now take the chicken out and apply the
masala on the chicken like this and toss
over the flour make sure you toss the
entire chicken properly with the flour
mixture and fry it
I usually fry on medium heat on each
side for three minutes and then high on
two minutes on each side this makes that
you can cook well and also turn out to
be really crispy
so this is fried chicken Indian style a
spicy version of fried chicken thanks so
much for watching